Add Free Willy Keyboard (#14394)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/free_willy/readme.md

# Free Willy

> ![Free Willy](https://imgur.com/a/RTpMSZ6)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Free Willy](https://i.imgur.com/JBNV3Hk.png)
```
Needs to be a direct link.

Free willy is an ortholinear, 36 key keyboard featuring HHKB like corner blockers.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Caleb Lightfoot](https://github.com/Tsquash)
* Hardware Supported: Free Willy PCB v1.0
* Hardware Availability: [squashkb](https://www.squashkb.com/product/free-willy)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     qmk compile -kb free_willy -km default
>     
> To reset the keyboard, jump the reset and ground pins located on the pro micro.
> 
> Install example for this keyboard:
> 
>     qmk flash -kb free_willy -km default
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make free_willy:default
    
To reset the keyboard, jump the reset and ground pins located on the pro micro.

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make free_willy:default:flash
```
